HAPPY BIRTHDAY ARKA
MAY YOU ALWAYS BE HEALTHY
ADAPTED FROM THE NOVEL TABAYYUN
BY ILYAS BACHTIAR
-Mom?
-Yes?
I wonder what Dad would be doing
if he were still here.
He's always here, Honey.
Where?
Here.
Dad's always here.
He's here with both of us.
Therefore…
when you and I are happy,
Dad will be happy too.
That's why…
we must always be
happy together!
Sleep tight, my champ.
Yes, pretty Mama! I love you!
Hey, Beautiful.
Why are you here?
Where's Mom?
Stop it!
Had I seen you first,
I wouldn't have married your mother!
-Get out!
-Shut up!
Shut up!
Go away!
No, hear me out.
-You bastard!
-Ouch!
I'm sorry.
Please forgive me.
Forgive me.
Please forgive me…
You must leave.
You must leave now.
Find Miss Tiwi. She's my friend.
Go on with your life.
Forget all this!
Zalina?
Zalina! Look at me.
Don't ever look for me.
Okay?
Don't…
RUMAH TEDUH ORPHANAGE
Zalina?
Oh God, Zalina.
-Did you do the homework?
-I did.
I did too.
Good, you ate so much!
-Take the plate to the sink.
-Yes, Miss.
Let's go!
Oh, Dear God.
Please help me!
Oh my God, Zalina!
-Oh my God, Zalina…
-Please help me!
Zalina?
He's looking for you.
He needs his mom!
I've done my duty.
I don't want to see his face.
But, Zalina…
Give him a name, at least.
Get rid of him.
Get rid of the baby.
Oh my God, Zalina!
Zal.
Please, just this once.
Consider this a farewell.
I'll put him up for adoption.
Zal.
Look at him.
His name is Arka.
It means "the sun".
There, there.
Zal…
Arka.
I'm so sorry…
Please forgive me.
Dear God, please forgive my sins.
Please forgive my mother.
God, please give me strength
to raise my son, Arka.
I want him to be good, religious,
and full of joy.
As for my mom…
Please protect her
wherever she is now.
Protect her always.
I only pray to You.
Mom…
-Morning's here. Wake up!
-Alright…
Hey, wake up!
-Don't just sleep all day!
-Okay.
Wake up!
-Come on, now.
-What time is it?
It's already six o'clock!
Oh Allah, bless us
In what you have provided us
And protect us
From the punishment of the fire
Amen
Let's eat, everyone.
-Thank you for the meal!
Eat as much as you want.
There's milk and eggs, too.
Arka, I'm leaving for work, okay?
Okay. Please don't be long.
Get me something too!
Okay, Sweetie!
-Peace be upon you.
-And you, too.
Drink your milk.
Finish all of your meal.
-Yes, Ma'am.
For this month's rent.
Thank God.
-May God always bring you kindness.
-Amen.
I'll forever be grateful
for you and this place.
God has paved the way for you.
Send my regards to Mrs. Samira.
Yes, Ma'am.
-I'm leaving now.
-Peace be upon you.
Please take care.
-Morning, Miss Zalina.
-Morning.
COME TOGETHER ADVERTISING
All this time,
this company has been accepting us!
We've been doing a good job.
Is this how you repay us?
Mr. Irfan.
What's happening?
There will be a massive layoff.
Don't worry, we're not on the list.
I think we're meant to be together.
-Hush!
-We are the ones who did the work!
-You're prettier when you're angry.
-Hear, hear!
You have a wife and kids!
We, the employees,
have been here since the very start
but now you're throwing us away!
-Hear, hear!
-Right!
We're hurt!
My husband just retired.
My kids need a vacation!
Calm down.
Now their dreams are shattered!
Hear, hear!
Marni, you're being laid off too?
I've worked here for decades.
Since I was a young girl,
now I'm an adult.
And now I'm being let go.
Imagine how I feel!
Mrs. Samira never told me anything.
Not Mrs. Samira, but her son.
He just returned from Australia.
He just came and cut employees off.
How arrogant!
Her son?
-Alright…
-Miss Zalina.
Please talk to Mrs. Samira.
She'll listen to you.
Please help us.
Alright, I'll talk to her.
Thank you!
Arlo, look what you've done!
Mom, you asked me to save this company.
This is how it's done.
It's in everything I learned.
Efficiency is key.
I've filtered out everything
deemed too outdated.
Peace be upon you.
Zalina, this is my son, Arlo.
-Arlo.
-Zalina.
Come in.
How's the situation?
I could hear Marni from here.
Should we add more security?
Pardon my rudeness, Ma'am.
I can't let my colleagues lose their job.
Most of them are breadwinners.
This is the best way for this company.
Mr. Arlo, isn't there another way?
Well, this is the quickest way.
I've worked here for three years
and I care about this place.
I've talked to you about my ideas.
Zalina.
This company was built
since I got married.
This may be the same age as yours!
Are you going to change its whole history?
I want to change its future,
not its history.
Have you got ideas?
How about a rebranding?
Excuse me,
but the company name is outdated.
See? I told you, Mom. Old-school!
Continue.
Well…
How about we change its name
into Happy Together?
No.
Together Advertising?
The meaning is still the same
as Come Together.
We can also change our target market
to gen alphas, gen Z, and millennials.
Those three are dominating
every business line.
Maybe we can try that first.
Arlo, what do you think?
Up to you, Mom. It's your company.
You decide everything.
Well, then.
You and Zalina can work
on this rebranding.
Why me? It's her idea.
You know I'm building my own company.
Do it later. Now you have to fix this!
Here comes the troublemaker!
Handsome devil!
Heartless bastard!
Silence.
I'm telling all of you,
there will be no layoffs.
Hooray!
Yeah…
Now, the first thing to do is
we'll rebrand this company
into Together Advertising.
-Wow…
-Lead by--
Listen.
Lead by my son, Arlo, and Miss Zalina.
It's fine. At least Zalina will help.
Now get back to work.
-Thank you, Ma'am!
-Thank you.
Our effort paid off!
Miss Zalina is so cool!
Did you see how Arlo glanced at her?
There's something.
A lovey-dovey glance!
We'll see.
The vicious boss
will be tamed by his master.
Miss Zalina!
Thank you so much.
I've never once doubted you!
I knew you'd fight for us!
-Thank you!
-You're welcome.
Yes.
Well, well…
Whatever…
Allah Almighty speaks the truth.
Children, that's it for today.
See you tomorrow.
-Thank you, Ma'am.
Come on.
-Mom!
-Arka!
-Mom, you just arrived?
-Yes, Honey.
Are you tired?
My back is a little sore.
Let me massage you!
When I grow up, let me do all the work.
You just stay at home and enjoy your days.
Let me do it because you need some rest.
Arka, I feel so much better now.
Thank you, my love!
You're welcome.
You're the best, Mom!
Here are options for the new logo
for Together Advertising.
Send the file to my e-mail.
You work fast. I like you.
I learned a lot from Mrs. Samira.
Can we catch up with the timeline?
Well, yes…
but we have to work late.
-She's asking him to work late.
-Wow.
-I sense danger.
-Oh no.
She looks innocent.
I never knew she could be so aggressive.
Innocent-looking people
are more dangerous.
Working late?
Let me take you home.
Irfan, you know I always go home alone.
You keep playing hard to get, huh?
I just want to get to know you better.
Listen, please stop bothering me.
-I'm not--
-Hey.
Did you hear her?
Talk to her one more time
and you'll get a warning from HR.
Mr. Arlo, no need to involve HR.
I was just kidding! Right, Zal?
I must leave now. Excuse me.
Okay, goodnight.
Goodnight, Mr. Arlo.
Damn it!
It wasn't here few hours ago.
Thank you, Sir.
I thought he'd never stop bothering me.
Let me know if he does it again.
Let me take you home.
It's okay, I can go home alone.
I don't want to bother you.
It will bother me more
if you get sick and can't go to work.
It will ruin our work timeline.
What if Irfan suddenly follows you home
and disturbs you outside the office?
RUMAH TEDUH ORPHANAGE
Thank you, Sir. See you tomorrow.
Peace be upon you.
I want to stop by.
My mother donates to this orphanage.
I want to look around.
I'm home.
Welcome home, Mom!
Did you get me anything?
Oh no, I forgot!
-Oh…
-I'm so sorry!
Who's that guy behind you?
This is Mr. Arlo, my boss.
He's my son.
Hello!
-I'm Arlo.
-I'm Arka.
Did you get me anything?
Arka!
I didn't bring anything today.
When I return, I promise you
I'll bring a lot of gifts for you.
-Promise?
-Promise.
-You're so cute.
-Thanks.
Well then, I'm off.
Arka looks sleepy.
Thanks for the ride.
Since it's Friday,
have a nice weekend.
Peace be upon you.
-Peace be upon you.
-And you too.
-Bye, Arka!
-Bye, Uncle Arlo!
Mom, Uncle Arlo seems nice.
Let's go.
-Peace be upon you, Mama Samira!
-And you too.
Arum!
Here, I have cakes for you.
Thank you.
You look so pretty!
You've grown into a woman.
That's so nice of you.
You also look pretty, Mama Samira.
Look at you. Your aura is glowing!
Oh, stop it.
I'm mad at Arlo.
He ruined my work.
Arlo…
Where is he?
No idea. He left so early.
Let's just sit here and chat.
I want to continue our conversation.
Would you like to help me in the company?
Don't act like you don't know me.
Of course!
Anything I can do for you and Arlo
I'll do it with all my heart!
Thank God.
Thank you, Sweetie.
You've helped me so much.
Without your help, I'm pretty sure
Arlo wouldn't have graduated from college.
Not really!
-I'm home.
-That's him.
Welcome home!
Arlo!
Arum?
I miss you.
Where do you work now?
I haven't worked yet.
I was looking for a job and, by chance,
Mama Samira asked me to work with you.
Mom, why didn't you tell me first?
You've known each other for so long.
You went to the same college
and lived in the same building.
And you don't want an old-school team,
do you?
She's right. It's me!
You don't mind, do you?
-Or do you hate it?
-It's not like that.
I'm just surprised seeing you here.
I like seeing you two.
I pray that you will end up together.
I'll leave this company to you someday.
Mama…
Here!
Arka!
Uncle Arlo!
Look what I brought for you!
These are for you guys.
Let's play!
Pick your ball.
Catch.
Okay.
Mom!
Want to see Mom?
-Yes.
-Let's go!
Mom, Uncle Arlo brought so many balls.
What do you say?
Thank you, Uncle Arlo. You're the best!
You're welcome, Arka.
Arka.
You can continue playing.
-Okay!
-I'll catch up later.
-Okay, bye!
-Bye.
What's wrong, Zal?
Please don't be offended.
I don't think
you should come by too often.
Why not?
Am I not allowed
to bring gifts to the children?
Am I wrong for making Arka happy?
I don't want him to hope too much.
He's an innocent kid.
He knows nothing.
I don't understand.
Since he was born…
he's lost his father.
Every time a man acts friendly to Arka,
he'll think they're his dad.
I don't want him to expect too much.
I'm sorry.
I know how he feels.
Well…
I've never seen my dad since I was little.
You must have known my mother's story.
Out there,
she's a successful
and powerful single mom.
Everybody knows her.
But at home,
she fails…
She fails to understand her only son
who misses a father figure.
I'm just afraid
that someday Arka might suffer like me.
That's all.
Excuse me.
Arka!
Uncle Arlo!
Pass the ball.
-I'm home.
-Welcome home.
Arlo.
You've been out all day.
Where have you been?
I wanted you to accompany Arum.
Mom.
Why do I always have to follow your wish?
Not everything goes
the way you want it to.
A mother knows best for her children.
Including separating me from Dad?
Is that what you mean?
I don't want to talk about it.
I want to talk about Arum.
But, Mom…
Arum is my best friend.
She's like a sister to me.
-Nothing more.
-Arlo.
Respect her.
I know what you mean.
But you can't force a feeling.
You can.
Try to open your heart up.
I don't want you to disappoint
and hurt Arum.
Alright.
I'm tired. I'm going to my room.
It's done.
Let's hope for the best.
I hope our team work
gets the best results.
-Amen.
My work here is done.
Now I'll focus on my own work.
What do you mean?
Our work isn't over yet!
This is barely the surface.
Stop saying nonsense.
I need to talk to both of you.
I'll be in my office.
-Surprise!
-Arum?
Arum, this is Zalina, our project manager.
Zalina, this is Arum.
She and Arlo went to the same college
back in Australia.
Arum will work here
and lead the digital media division.
-Zalina.
-Arum.
I hope we can work well together.
Zalina, you can take her
around the office.
Yes, Ma'am.
-Let me show you your office.
-Okay, Mama.
I'll see you later!
Zalina, can I talk to you?
Here you go.
Thanks. Sorry to bother you.
No, it's okay.
Is it good?
Yes.
What do you want to tell me?
I've got work to do.
Here's the thing.
How's Arka?
I thought of him recently.
If you let me,
I want to take him somewhere.
I don't think it's a good idea.
Excuse me.
Thank you for the office tour, Zalina.
You're welcome.
Let me introduce you.
This is Marni, Melly, and Dila.
-Hello everyone.
-Hello.
Anyway, Mama Mir…
I mean Mrs. Samira.
She told me to learn from you.
It should be the other way around.
You went to college abroad!
But your experience can't be bought
with any diploma.
Anyway,
my first client here is from Japan.
You can help me, right?
Me, you, and Arlo.
Together we'll make the best team!
Excuse me.
Look at her.
I know, right?
What are you doing?
I want to change my clothes.
Are you going somewhere?
I want to go out!
-With who?
-Uncle Arlo.
Arlo?
Arlo.
Hey.
I told you.
I can't allow him to go.
Uncle, let's go!
Honey.
We can't go today.
-I'm so busy right now.
-Mom!
If you're busy,
then I'll just go with him.
Arka.
We'll go next time, okay?
I want to go now!
Zalina.
Okay, I'll go get ready.
Hooray!
You seem so excited!
Arka.
I'll take you somewhere
with plenty of toys!
Hello.
It's crowded here.
Yes, it's the weekend.
That's not what I mean.
It's usually just the two of us.
Now we have Uncle Arlo.
Arka,
Mom,
and Dad!
Come here. You're really cute!
-Uncle Arlo.
-Yes?
Can I call you "Dad"?
Of course!
Yay, I have a dad!
Arka, Honey.
Uncle Arlo is not your dad.
So don't call him Dad, okay?
But, Mom…
Alright…
Hey!
I remember the first time I met you.
You boldly told my mother
that her company was outdated.
Since then, I see you as someone special.
You're a hard worker.
And…
You do everything for Arka.
It's nothing special.
Mrs. Samira also worked hard to raise you.
To my mother,
I was born to live under her rules.
When I met Arka,
for the first time
I felt needed as a whole.
When I'm with both of you,
I feel comfort.
It feels like home.
Yeah.
I feel like I'm at home.
Mom, look at my drawing!
Wow, this is so good!
-Is this me?
-Yep.
-Where's my hair?
-You're bald.
Oh, no!
It's pouring.
What do we do, Mom?
Does anyone need an umbrella taxi?
Me! Me! Me!
Let's go.
Isn't it too small? I can wait here.
Hold up.
Okay, now we can go together.
Walk slowly.
Careful, it's slippery.
Zalina!
Just hold my arm.
I'm home.
Welcome home.
My favorite grandson!
Looks like he had so much fun.
Let me take him.
Let's sleep.
He's so heavy.
I'll take him to his room.
-Thank you, Ma'am.
-You're welcome.
Thank you very much.
Arka had so much fun today.
Anytime.
I should go now.
Okay, me too.
Zalina.
I want you to be honest.
Do you have any feelings toward me?
You haven't known me.
I don't deserve you.
You and Arka…
Both of you deserve love.
I can protect you and make you happy.
And for Arka too!
Arka and I are happy with this.
Let's just be friends.
You didn't answer me.
Be honest.
Don't you have
even the slightest feeling for me?
What do you feel?
I…
When I'm with you,
I'm happy.
I feel comfort.
And you're so kind to Arka.
Arka cares so much about you.
But you and I, we're not equal.
We're not going anywhere.
And…
All that remains is pain.
-Zalina…
-Arlo.
We're not equal.
The way I see it,
you and Arum are perfect together.
Mrs. Samira loves Arum so much.
But this is my life.
Only I know what makes me happy.
This is for you.
This is to remind you
that you're the only woman I love.
Please take this.
I'm off.
Take care.
I'm home.
Arlo?
Did you forget your dinner with Arum?
-Hi!
-Sorry, I'm sweating so much.
Go have a shower.
What's recently popular among young women?
Anti-aging products,
supported with a healthy lifestyle.
-Right, Zalina?
-I agree.
Men want that too.
We want to live long and look young.
That's even better!
I have an idea for the campaign.
A woman and a man know each other
since junior high school.
Later they date
and go to the same college,
and finally they get married!
They have kids and grow old together.
What do you think, Zalina?
I think it's great.
You're really creative.
Arlo.
How about we become the campaign model?
Are you sure?
Of course! What do you think?
Pat my head.
Which logo is the best?
All of them look good.
I think this is the best one.
This one?
You're right.
Arlo.
Among these three,
which one looks good to you?
-This one.
-Really?
You and Zalina have the same taste!
Okay, I'll pick this one.
I hope everything goes well.
Drive safely.
You can stay if you want.
-Okay.
Send my regards.
Is it okay if we stay a bit longer?
I need to prepare for my presentation.
-It's okay. Let me help you.
-Yes.
Here's your coffee.
Thank you, Zalina.
Do you live with anyone?
With my son.
You have a son?
Yes, his name is Arka.
He's five years old.
What does your husband do for a living?
He's passed away.
Sorry, I shouldn't have asked.
So you're a single mom.
You must be a very strong woman.
I admire you.
As for me…
For me, there is no other man
than Arlo.
From junior high school to college,
Arlo and I have been very close.
Arlo's mother and my mother
are best friends.
We went to the same school.
Arlo used to skip school a lot,
I was the one doing his homework!
You're both perfect together.
You complete each other.
I have always imagined
a life with Arlo, forever,
as well as with Mama Samira.
But lately I feel
something different about him.
It's like he changed.
I pray that you meet a great man
to be your soulmate forever
in this world and heaven.
Amen to that!
Thank you.
I pray that you and Arka are always happy.
Amen.
Let's hope our presentation goes well.
I like your brooch!
It really suits you.
Through this campaign,
we want to raise awareness
about healthy lifestyles from a young age.
With this, we also hope
So that people can live longer lives.
-Thank you!
Thank you!
Mr. Handa said
he's happy with your presentation.
Your approach is fresh,
unlike other agencies.
So Timura Japan would like
to draw a contract
with Together Advertising.
Thank God.
-Okay.
-Thank you.
I rarely give compliments.
But this time I have to admit
that you're all really great.
I'm glad that Together Advertising
now has a golden team.
Right?
Arum, Arlo.
I have no doubt.
When you get married,
I'll leave this whole company to you.
Zalina.
Please keep supporting them. Okay?
Yes, Ma'am.
Okay.
Zalina moves pretty fast.
She'll get a pay raise,
promotion, and married!
-Huh?
-What?
With who?
Who else? Surely not with Irfan.
Watch it.
Now, whose side are you on?
Zalina or Arum?
I'm on Zalina's side.
She really deserves happiness.
I'm clearly on Arum's side.
There's no way Arlo chooses
a secondhand woman.
-I can't imagine!
-You're right.
I'm fine either way
as long as we get a pay raise.
-That's right!
-Mrs. Samira!
Mrs. Samira!
Oh, no.
Why are you talking like that?
What do you mean?
Marni.
I was talking about
secondhand clothes with Melly.
Don't lie.
I'm new to this company
but I've been watching all of you.
I know you.
You like to pretend to work
but get nothing done.
This company needs more effort
to rise from its downfall!
When the company tried
to do massive layoffs,
did any of you
actually talk to Mrs. Samira
to fight for the employees?
You didn't, did you?
Zalina did all of those things.
You should realize.
When one finger points at someone,
the other four are pointed at yourself.
You should thank Zalina.
Is this how you repay her?
Marni, apologize.
Zalina, I'm sorry
for talking behind your back.
Do it right, Marni.
-Irfan.
-Yes, Ma'am.
I know what you've been doing.
You like to hit on Zalina, don't you?
You have a wife and kids.
You should be ashamed!
Don't start a family if you can't commit.
Apologize to Zalina.
I sincerely apologize, Zalina.
Make sure it doesn't happen again.
Noted.
Get back to work.
-It's all your fault.
-No it's not!
-Arlo?
-Please wait.
Coming.
-What's up?
-Why did you lock the door?
I was in a meeting with a client.
I see.
I made you coffee.
Just take it.
I'm having coffee with friends.
They're all waiting for me now.
Are you working overtime?
Sorry, I can't stay longer.
Well, I'm off.
-Bye.
Mom, do you miss Uncle Arlo?
Arum?
Mama…
What's wrong, Arum?
There's something I want to tell you.
Mama Samira.
I am so grateful
because all this time
you've always loved me
like I'm your own daughter.
I also care so much about you.
I think of you like my own mother.
I even…
I've always thought
we could be a real family.
What do you mean?
It's Arlo.
What's with him?
Did he hurt you?
No, not at all.
He's always been kind to me.
And I know…
He also cares about me.
But he doesn't love me.
I am a woman
who's always been in his life.
But I've never been in his heart.
Mama Samira.
I'll always care for you.
I hope nothing changes between us.
I'll always wish him the best.
Mama, I'm so sorry.
I'm home.
Arlo, we need to talk.
What's wrong?
I know about you and Zalina.
Why her?
She's a widow with a son.
And you choose her over Arum?
It's not about choice.
It's about my happiness.
I'm happy if I can make
Zalina and Arka happy.
What are you thinking?
That kid isn't your responsibility!
I know, Mom.
My only responsibility is your happiness.
Isn't it?
But you never ask if I'm happy.
Are you not happy?
I've done everything just for you.
What else are you looking for?
What do you get from Zalina?
Mom.
I've never thought, even in the slightest,
to get something from her.
I just want to give her happiness
and a better life…
I'm happy when I'm with them.
But I know who she really is.
She's got a shady past.
Love really makes a fool out of anyone.
Tabayyun, Mom.
You should find out the truth.
-Zalina.
-Yes?
I want to talk with you.
Come with me.
Zalina.
Let's talk as fellow women
and fellow mothers.
I've learned about you and Arlo.
You've crossed the line
and barged into my family.
You've ruined
Arlo and Arum's relationship.
Mom!
If anything, I'm the one to blame.
I started everything.
See?
My son has lost his mind
because he fell too hard for you.
Do you feel the same way?
Do you love him?
I…
I love him.
But I know I can't be with him.
I always pray
that he meets his soulmate someday.
But it's not me.
Yes.
You don't belong in my family.
Stop it, Mom.
I…
I hate to see both of you
fall out because of me.
I'll stay away from Arlo.
It's easier to run
when you have something to hide.
I need to hear it from you.
Who are you, really?
Who is your father?
Who is your mother?
And who's the father of your son?
Mom, that's enough.
I don't care!
I love her the way she is
despite her past.
You're the one suggesting Tabayyun
to reveal the truth.
If you can't face the truth,
you better leave now.
I'll tell you everything
and I won't hide anything.
My mother…
is Laras Anindita.
People may look down on her
or see her as garbage.
A morally corrupt person.
Why hello.
Honey.
For once,
I want to have fun with your daughter.
-I'm bored of you.
-Don't you dare.
-Stop it.
-Okay, let's go.
Come on.
Walk slower.
To me, my mother is my hero.
My guardian angel.
GRADUATED
We had dreams together.
We wanted to have a better future.
Hey, Mom.
Hey!
What are you doing?
Don't you even dare.
But you do it.
I work hard all day just for you.
You need to be successful!
Even though your father left us,
I can send you to college.
You must pursue your dreams
and we'll have a better life together.
Alright, Mom.
I promise you.
Mom…
And then, one night…
My stepfather raped me.
All of my dreams fell apart.
My mother went mad.
She killed him right away.
Oh, dear God.
It's worse than I thought.
I promise,
I'll stay away from both of you.
This is also my resignation.
Thank you for all your help.
Peace be upon you.
Arlo!
Sit down.
Are you happy now?
Please show me one, just one thing,
that she did wrong.
Can you?
Arlo.
Not only is she the daughter of a harlot.
Her mother is also a murderer.
No matter how dark someone's past is,
they're still precious before God.
I'll still marry her.
Arlo!
Zalina, I really want to marry you.
But you've heard about my past.
We have no future together.
My past is too dark for you to bear.
But you and Arka are my future.
You can be happier with someone else,
not with me.
Zalina.
I really mean it.
I really love you
and even your past.
Please listen to your mother
for heaven lies beneath her feet.
Please love her and respect her decision.
Please leave now.
Your mother must be worried.
RUMAH TEDUH ORPHANAGE
Arlo.
All this time,
I've had a thousand reasons to love you
and to wait for you.
Turns out,
it only takes one reason
for you to leave me.
Your heart truly doesn't belong to me.
But…
But I'm glad.
Finally you get to follow your heart.
Arum, I want to apologize.
I'm sorry for hurting your feelings.
You may hate me or even punish me.
But I can't hate you!
Let alone punish you.
Well.
If Zalina and her son
can bring you happiness,
and if you can make them happy,
then your relationship
is worth fighting for.
I'll always pray for you.
All I can say is
thank you for everything.
I'll leave now.
Arum.
I don't want to lose our friendship.
I'm so sorry.
Please forgive me.
I only ask one thing from you.
You must follow your dreams.
Build your own company.
The company that you want.
Okay?
Promise?
Promise.
Thanks, Arum.
Miss Tiwi.
Mrs. Samira.
Zalina is out.
I'm not looking for her.
I want to talk to you.
As a regular donor for this orphanage,
I'm disappointed in you.
Why didn't you tell me who she really was?
You never asked.
You've been trusting her for three years.
Why didn't you ask about her past?
It means that whoever she is,
no matter what her past is,
Zalina is a good person
and you respect her for it.
I respect her as my employee.
But to approach my son
and to hope to be in my family,
that's not going to happen.
How is it fair?
She can't choose how she was born.
Besides,
Laras, Zalina's mother, is just like you.
You both fight and do anything
for your children.
Every mother wants the best
for her children.
Clearly.
I want the best for my son
and for him to find the right partner.
-Love is never wrong.
-Says who?
Love can be wrong sometimes.
Just look at me and my husband.
Love is capable of betraying us.
Ma'am, pardon my rudeness.
I think you can't
make peace with your past.
That's why you can't make peace
with Zalina's past.
We all have pasts.
But the future is the most important.
But when it comes to partners,
every parent will consider every aspect.
Arlo's soulmate has been destined by God.
If Zalina is truly his soulmate,
we as parents can only pray
that God paves the way for them
and for you to open up your heart.
We pray because of God's will,
not because of ours.
Please let it be.
Accept it.
In the end,
we all deserve happiness.
I didn't want to talk about this.
No matter how bad your father is,
he's still your father.
It's hard for me to tell you this.
You were so close to him,
to the point of idolizing him.
I was too busy working
and taking care of business.
So that he had more time alone
and cheated on me.
He went and left you.
He left me.
The worst feeling in the world
is when we put effort
to be the best for our partner
only to be betrayed.
So it wasn't you who left dad.
It was him.
I'm so sorry.
I've never done Tabayyun with you.
I'm sorry too, Sweetheart.
I want you to be happy.
I pray that you find a wife
who brings you happiness.
I don't want anyone to hurt you.
Zalina will never hurt me.
All her life, she's the one getting hurt.
That's why she'll never hurt anybody.
Mom, I'm begging you.
Please give us your blessing.
If it's really your choice,
then I'll give you my blessing.
Let me fix it.
Okay.
Peace be upon you.
Miss Tiwi, is Zalina here?
We'd like to propose to her.
Zalina just left for the airport.
She got a job in Bali.
Excuse me.
Okay.
Thank God.
Hello?
Please get a plane ticket for Arlo,
from Kertajati to Ngurah Rai.
Do it now.
-Did you get it?
-I'm working on it.
-Please drive faster.
-Yes, Sir.
Zalina Anindita, destination Bali.
-Thank you.
Let's go!
Please.
May I see your ticket?
Zalina's phone is not active.
Good afternoon. Destination Bali.
May I see your ticket?
-Here's your boarding pass.
-Thank you.
Mom, pray for me.
I'll always pray for the best
for both of you.
Please take care.
Thank you.
Zalina!
Uncle Arlo!
Hello, Arka.
-I miss you, Uncle.
-Me too.
Hi.
You're here…
Mom has given us her blessing.
Zalina Anindita…
By the mandate that God has given us,
I want to be your Imam
to guide our future family.
Me,
you,
Arka.
We'll go where God leads us
and to the gates of heaven together.
Will you be my wife?
Arlo.
After everything I've been through,
I need more time.
What are you waiting for?
I've fought for my mom's blessing.
I vow to make you and Arka happy.
Please, Mom!
In the name of God…
Arlo.
I will marry you.
Thank God!
Arka, from today,
you can call me Dad.
I have a dad! Hooray!